ci: automate creation of GitHub releases and tags (#475)
filecoin-project/filecoin-ffi: README.md

#### Release Process

1. Update the string in version.json. 

> 2. When the PR is opened, a draft GitHub release will be created with GitHub-generated release notes.
> 3. When the PR is merged, the corresponding version.json tag will be created GitHub release will be published.
> 4. The tag will cause additional CI to run to build and attach the assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When the PR is opened:
    - a draft GitHub release is created with GitHub-generated release notes
    - assets are built and attached to the draft release
3. When the PR is merged
   - the corresponding version.json tag is created 
   - the GitHub release is published
```
